Jv/ingestion examples (#14)
questdb/documentation: clients/ingest-python.md

    example()
```

> We recommended to use User-assigned timestamps when ingesting data into QuestDB.
> Using Server-assigned hinder the ability to deduplicate rows which is
> [important for exactly-once processing](/docs/reference/api/ilp/overview/#exactly-once-delivery-vs-at-least-once-delivery).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommended `User`-assigned timestamps when ingesting data into QuestDB.
Using `Server`-assigned timestamps hinders the ability to deduplicate rows which is
[important for exactly-once processing](/docs/reference/api/ilp/overview/#exactly-once-delivery-vs-at-least-once-delivery).
```
